ok so now we're going to talk about the
administration of this class I want to
tell you what you expect to you should
expect to see in this class and how
we're going to interact so the course
has four major parts the first part
covers the basic linguistic mathematical
and computational background for the
material the second part covers
computational models of morphology
syntax semantics discourse and
pragmatics which are the main components
of linguistics the third part will
include some core natural language
processing technology for example for
things like parsing part of speech
tagging text generation and others and
finally we're going to cover some
applications such as text classification
machine translation information
extraction and some others there are
three major goals in this class one is
to learn the basic principles and the
theoretical issues underlying natural
language processing two is to learn the
techniques and the tools that I used to
develop practical bus systems that can
understand text and communicate with
users in one or more languages and
finally to gain insight into some open
research problems in natural language
there are three books available that
cover this kind of material in different
levels of detail the first one is speech
and language processing by Daniel
giraffes King James Martin the second
one is foundations of statistical
natural language processing by Chris
mannequin Heaney shoots and the third
one is natural language understanding by
James Allen there are courses at other
places that cover similar material I
would list a few here that I have liked
personally and one of the criteria for
including them here is that they have
slides available and other reading
materials online so you can always go
back to those websites and learn more
about this material from them I would
personally recommend the courses at
Johns Hopkins University taught by Jason
Eisner Cornell University taught by
Lillian Lee Stanford University by Chris
Manning the University of Maryland by
how the main University of California
Berkeley by Dan Klein and University of
Texas Austin by a game Mooney and they
are also
courses on Coursera in the past one was
by Manning in drafts key in 2012 and one
was by Michael Collins in 2013 the first
one was a survey and the second one was
more advanced now the main Association
for research in this field is called the
Association for computational
linguistics or ACL now there is a
difference between computational
linguistics and natural language
processing but it's usually considered a
relatively minor difference so I won't
explain what some of the acronyms that
we'll see in this course means the first
one is natural language processing as I
said before this is the study of the
computational treatment of human
language computational linguistics comes
from a slightly different perspective it
comes from linguistics and it has
traditionally included more mathematical
and formal approaches and less applied
in practical aspects but in the recent
years those two fields have become more
or less interchangeable there are other
acronyms that you will hear often
information retrieval is the study of
finding information in documents whether
they in text or spoken for more videos
speech processing deals with the
understanding and generation of spoken
signals human language technology is
used for the applied component of
natural language processing natural
language engineering is mostly
synonymous with human language
technology and finally one acronym that
you will see often in this class and
other related classes is ml which stands
for machine learning which is the
computational statistical study of
learning there is a lot of research in
natural language processing I would like
to point to the major conferences in
this field ACL is the annual conference
of the Association for computational
linguistics it alternates with the North
American European and Asian conferences
in computational linguistics there is
also the conference called yamino P
which stands for empirical methods and
natural language processing it is also
one of the top tier conferences it
focuses more on statistical and
empirical techniques
CAIR is the ACM conference on
information retrieval tipo AI and each
guy are the main international
conferences in artificial intelligence
cooling is a biannual conference in
natural language processing h.o.t is a
human language technologies conference
AMTA or the empty summit are conferences
in machine translation and finally ICS
LP and your speech are the conferences
on speech processing there are many
journals in NLP the most important ones
I listed here we should probably start
by looking at the computational
linguistics journal and ta CL
transactions of the ACM both of which
are published by the Association of
computational linguistics but I would
also recommend the journals natural
language engineering information
retrieval information processing and
management as well as multiple ACM
transactions specifically the ACM
transactions on information systems the
ACM transactions on Asian language
information processing and the ACM
transactions on spoken language
processing there are many university
centers that deal with research in nano
P I'm going to list just a few are based
on recent papers in ACL they're not in
any particular order but if you're
interested in finding out what the
state-of-the-art in NLP is those are the
places where you should go
I would like to list Berkeley Columbia
Stanford Carnegie Mellon Johns Hopkins
Brown the University of Massachusetts at
Amherst and mighty the University of
Pennsylvania USC which is the University
of Southern California specifically
their information Sciences Institute the
universities of Illinois Michigan
Washington Maryland and many others
outside of the United States some of the
most commonly seen names on papers are
the University of Toronto in Canada and
Umbro in Scotland Cambridge and
Sheffield in England Ireland in Germany
Trento in Italy Prague in the Czech
Republic the Qatar computing Research
Institute in Qatar the National
University of Singapore and many
there are many universities but they're
also quite a few industrial research
sites I will mention a few that have the
largest number of papers around those
are Google Microsoft Research
Yahoo IBM ESRI VPN mitre and AT&T Labs
the best place where you can go to find
papers in NOP is the ACM anthology it is
available to Dacia web site it was
created more than 10 years ago by Steven
bird and nowadays it's managed by minion
come from the National University of
Singapore it has more than 20,000
research papers in all the subfields of
computational linguistics and NLP and
finally there's an experimental website
called the ACM anthology network
developed at the University of Michigan
which includes the data from the ACL
anthology as far as citations and citing
sentences are concerned you can find for
example which papers have been cited the
most and what text has been used to cite
them so if you want to find out what was
published this year in computational
linguistics those are the two places
where you would want to go so in the
next segment I'm going to talk about
some of the specific challenges that
make natural language processing hard